Update planning-workshop-practical-guide.md (#2760)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/planning-workshop-practical-guide.md

[Tools for adoption](adopt-tools-and-downloads.md)

[Skype for Business to Teams Upgrade Planning Workshop](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/partners/intelligentcommunications/skype-for-business-teams)

[Move users from on-premises to Teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/hybrid/move-users-from-on-premises-to-teams)

> [Manage Microsoft Teams settings for your organization](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/enable-features-office-365)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Manage Microsoft Teams settings for your organization](enable-features-office-365.md)
```
